I'll have someone in the crowd be a virtual customer.  They'll complain about errors.

I'm going to have a development site running at http://cfu09ant/exampleApp
	This will run on my laptop and use a DSN from the virtual server.
	The DSN name on this will be cfu09example
	
I'm going to have a production site running at http://www.example.com/exampleApp
	This will run on the virtual server and use a DSN from the virtual server.
	The DSN name on this will be mysite.com
	
When I do the manual publish I'll FTP files to the server (so FTP needs to be enabled)
	I'll first forget to fix the DSN, and the client will report an error.
	After I fix that I'll move to another part of my talk and then my "client" will interupt me about
	all the debugging info I forgot to shut off.



5/5/55		:	Introductions
				
				Introduce myself
				Introduce Alagad briefly
				Introduce topic of deployment (moving an application to staging or production)
				Ask people how they deploy apps

10/15/35	:	Discuss traditional deployment process for ColdFusion

					FTP
					Copy & Paste over Network
					shell script to export from SVN
				
				Client Calls, needs website title changed.
					
					Show my lovely sample app running locally.
					
				Change title in eclipse
				
				Deploy the app:
				
					Export from SVN to local directory
					FTP files
					Reload App
					
				Test site and note that it's not chaned!
				
				"Remember" clear the template cache.
				
				
					
				Test site and note that it's not working! 
				Note that this is my client being DOWN!
				Rember the cause as being a differing DSN between dev and production.
				Fix issue
				
					Follow the publication process again, but this time fix the DSN
					
				Note that differences between staging and production configuration can also cause headaches
				Note that this is a totaly manual process.
				For even a simple deployment this can take several minutes.
				Imagine deploying to several servers!
				
20/35/25	:	Introduce Ant
				
				As I move into this slide my cell phone will right with a virtual client.
				I'll ask everyone to shut off their cell phones before realizing it's mine.
				I'll look at it and realize it's my customer for this site and answer it.
				I'll hear the client tell me the website has garbage at the bottom of it.
				I'll explain to the crowd, and go look at the site and notice the debugging info at the bottom.  
				This should emphasise how easy it is to overlook things we doing even a moderatly complex deployment.

20/35/25	:	Introduce Ant (for real)

				Apache Ant is a Java-based build tool.
				Configuration files are written in XML (not too dissimilar to CFML)
				Ant is extensible and has lots of extensions in the form of custom tasks
				Ant has lots of build-related features built in:
					Show list of core tasks
						Highlight interesting tasks (Tasks for manipulating files and folders, Cvs, Get, Input, Mail, Replace, Sql, Zip, Exec)
					Show list of optional tasks
						Hilight FTP
				Discuss third party ant tasks
					XmlTask
				Demonstrate Standard Ant build and deploy with FTP
	
5/40/20		:	Ant Shortcommings
				
				Discuss short commings of ant
				Ant tends to be focused on building java apps.  CF Apps are deployed to a server.
				No way to change server settings (trusted cache, dsn, event gateways, etc)
				No way to execute CF code
				No way to run builds on a remote machine
				
15/55/5		:	Introduce Ant4CF

				Custom Ant tasks for CF deployment
				Run build on remote server
				Execute CF code via servcices
				Provides services for Admin API
				Show example build which does everything
				
5/60/0 		:	Presentation summary
				
				Q & A


